 Hi.
Hello, my name is Sadiya and I am the pharmacist on duty today.
How can I help you?
I'm here for my prescription, please.
Sure, I can help you with that.
Have a seat in our private confidential area.
Thank you.
So whatever you will discuss over here will be private and confidential.
So please feel free to share any kind of information.
Okay.
So as you mentioned that you are here to pick up the prescription, so is it for yourself?
That's right.
Okay, and can I get your name?
My name is John Smith.
John Smith.
Okay, John.
So John, can you tell me the reason why did you go to the doctor today?
Well, for the last few days I'm having a terrible diarrhea.
Oh, okay.
So I'm not able to understand why is that happening.
So that is why I'm going to talk to you.
I'm so sorry to listen that it might be very bothering for you.
Yes, it is.
Yeah, but I hope the medication doctor gave will work for you.
I hope so.
Okay, John.
So I have your profile in front of me just to make sure that I have everything updated over here.
Can I ask you a few questions?
Sure.
As I can see on your profile that you are allergic to panesolence.
Can you tell me like what happened when you take panesolence?
Yes, one side of memory was kind of weird.
It was crashes all over.
So I had to really go to the emergency.
It was bad.
Okay.
And apart from diarrhea, do you have any current medical condition?
No, I don't.
Are you taking any current prescription medications right now?
Yes, I used my doctor prescribed me for my dental procedure, which was claimed I might see.
Are you currently taking it?
I took it like two weeks before.
Two weeks before.
Okay, I can see on your profile that you took it like two weeks before.
That's right.
Okay, and that's for your dental procedure.
That's right.
Okay, and what about you to take off any over the counter-medication?
No.
Any herbal medication?
No, I'm okay.
And any multivitamin?
No, I'm okay.
Okay, John.
So before proceeding, can I ask you a few questions regarding your lifestyle?
Yes.
John, do you smoke?
I know.
And what about your intake of caffeine-youtube beverages?
John, that's free.
I know.
Okay, and how about your physical activity?
Will I try to reactant?
Okay.
And how would you describe your diet?
Is healthy.
Okay.
And John, do you consume alcohol?
Yes, I do.
Okay.
Which is not that frequent, like occasionally on the weekends.
Okay.
Okay, John.
Before proceeding, I need to ask you, do you have any other question or concern for me?
Nothing in particular except for this troublesome diarrhea, which is a lot of problem.
Okay, so you want to know the reason?
No, the reason and the remedy as well.
Sure, no problem.
So I can help you with that.
But before that, I need to check my reference.
So thank you for sharing the information.
What I'll do, I'll quickly check my reference and we'll get back to you.
Sure.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you for waiting, John.
Dr.
Hesprascribe, you had active biotech, which is metronidazole.
It's strength of 500 mini grams.
And you will be taking one capsule three times in a day.
So it's based at eight hours a part.
You can take it with or without food, it doesn't matter.
And the therapy is basically for 10 days.
So make sure that you complete the whole course of the centipede audit.
No matter you will start feeling better in two to three days, but you have to complete the 10 day course.
Okay, does that sound okay to you?
Right, does it?
Okay.
So the reason like why this is happening is, as you mentioned, that you have taken phyndamaisin two weeks before.
So phyndamaisin has a common side effect of giving this much bad diarrhea, which can even happen after stopping phyndamaisin, like even after a month of stopping phyndamaisin.
So as you have taken it two weeks before, so this is the reason.
And the remedy you asked is basically this antibiotic, which no doctor has prescribed you.
So as I mentioned, you can take it with or without food, but it can be hard on your stomach if this happens.
So you can take it with food as well.
Okay.
And this medication will help you by killing the bacteria and with improving your symptoms of diarrhea.
And apart from the beneficial effect of this medication, you may or may not experience some of the other side effects apart from the hard on the stomach, such as it can give you metallic taste, which can be unpleasant, and it can give you dryness of mouth, so which you can manage by taking a sense of water throughout the day.
And if you notice any darkening of the urine, so don't worry, it is basically a side effect of this medication.
But any of this side effect, if you become troublesome, then you need to see your doctor.
If by any chance, because there are real chances that it happens, if we experience symptoms just as you experience when you took panacellin, like rash, high shortness of red swelling of lips, so that is basically an ophthalactic reaction, and you have to stop the medication and go to the emergency room.
And as you mentioned that you took alcohol occasionally, so I would strongly recommend you to avoid alcohol for these 10 days and additionally 24 hours after stopping metrolidazule.
So for 11 days, you don't have to take any alcohol.
The reason is that if you take alcohol with this antibiotic, it can give you a reaction known as diacyl formulaic reaction, which you can experience as nausea, vomiting, slushing, palpitation and increased heart rate.
So please avoid alcohol for 11 days.
Along with this, I will give you some self care measures, such as wash your hands thoroughly, especially after using washroom and eating your meals, drink plenty of water to keep yourself hydrated.
And you can also take gastrolyte to keep your electrolytes normal.
Is this information okay for you, child?
Is it okay if I can give you a call in three to four days just to make sure how are you doing with the new medication?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you for coming over, John, and have a nice day.
Thank you for having me.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.