 Oh hi there can I help you?
I was hoping you could help me find something for a bit cold.
Oh sure yeah yeah happy to help is it for yourself or for someone else?
For me.
Yeah.
I'll just probably need to ask you a few questions before I recommend something just to make sure I give you something that's going to be safe and effective.
All right?
Yeah.
All right so first I'll just maybe just tell me a bit of what the problem is and give me the description of your symptoms.
I've been just sniffling for the last two days and my nose is getting so sore from wiping it and blowing it and it's just odds making me very upset.
Okay so both two days you've snippling and stuffy nose.
Well it's probably been closer to three days but the last two days have been the worst.
Okay two or three days.
So have you seen a doctor already about this or am I the first person to ask you?
Yes you're the first.
Do you have any allergies to medications?
No.
Well not allergic to anything.
Are you taking any medication on a regular basis?
Like any prescription drugs?
I use an eye drug.
Is that count?
Yeah absolutely.
What do you know what it's called or what it's for?
It's for my glaucoma.
Wow it starts with the X.
Is that Miss Alitan probably?
Yeah it sounds but right.
Anything else?
No no I have prescriptions.
What about like over the counter-setting of the septubon without a prescription or herbal natural product?
Well I take vitamin D and calcium because I was told that's important and tonal everyday as well.
Okay so so you mentioned you've got glaucoma?
Yes.
Any any other medical conditions?
No.
Well I guess the gut is right I said thanks.
You wouldn't have you know what kind of glaucoma you have.
There's different kinds.
I don't know.
There's different kinds.
Has it been pretty stable?
Like you've been on the same eye drop for a long time and when you see the eye doctor on a regular basis?
Yeah yeah I've been using it for probably most five years now.
And the eye doctor always tell you it's stable and everything's okay.
Yeah.
I'm only asking for some medications that can actually worsen certain types of glaucoma so it doesn't sound like you've got the kind that would be concerned about with certain medications.
Okay.
Okay good good.
All right so you said you've got two to three day history of stuffy nose, running nose, anything else?
Anything else?
Have you got a fever at all?
No, no fever.
Any other one?
What about cough or shortness of breath?
No cough?
Bit of a headache.
Yeah but.
So if you had the headache because the headache the member goes away that's really bad or doesn't come and go and kind of mild?
What's been there for about the last two days but it's not that bad.
It kind of gets better than it gets worse.
Yeah.
I mean too bad though.
What about any dizziness, confusion?
No.
No.
No.
Okay.
I just want to make sure it's nothing that you might need to see if you'll ever come.
Okay.
So yeah you know it sounds like you've probably got a common cold and that's probably what's causing your here stuffy runny nose and definitely something I don't think you need to see the doctor about it.
I think we can get started.
So, you're going to start this out here without getting it prescription from the doctor.
And you know probably what I would do, what I would suggest you do is try this product we have called a suit effect.
Have you ever tried something like this before?
Not.
Then I distinctly recall.
Possibly.
And I think I feel to ask if you have if you tried anything yet for this runny nose on your own.
So it's a boxy, sticky, sticky, sticky.
So this suit effect, it's a decongestant and really what it does is it opens up the sinuses to temporarily relieve your symptoms.
It's not going to cure the cold, the cold's got to run its own course which you can't on for as it'd be up to a week but this is going to open up your sinuses temporarily and give you some relief from that runny stuff.
You know it's something that probably I would use this for a A or two and stop and you know see if it's as bad as it was before.
Okay.
I even go from there.
So basically these last about six hours so you take one at a time, it's a yellow, you swallow it.
Yeah.
Last about six hours you can take another one about six hours later after you take the first one.
Okay.
And yeah, that's good.
Like I said, I'd take it for a couple days probably when I see it because I see if you don't need it anymore at that point.
Okay.
All right to you?
Yes.
I hope it works.
Yeah, it works really fast usually.
You should notice relief within an hour so I would take in the first dose.
The sparse side effects go, it rarely will cause any side effects.
Most people take this and wouldn't notice anything.
If it does, I mean you might notice some dizziness or a headache or a genoidal illness but like I said, that's all really rare sort of stuff.
And if you notice anything unusual like that, you can just give it your call.
We can talk.
Okay.
Great.
All right.
So the one thing is if you're not better within about a week, I would go and see the doctor just to make sure this isn't some sort of bacterial infection or make sure it doesn't go into your chest and cause pneumonia.
Or if you notice, if you get a lot sicker or you notice any new, new, strange symptoms like you can start getting a fever or anything, I'd go and see the doctor right away if anything gets a lot worse or something new pops up.
Okay.
All right.
Did you have any questions?
No, I don't think so.
I think you've got it covered.
And I guess the only other thing you can think of for next times, this doesn't happen again.
There's things like getting your flu shot every year.
I don't know.
Did you get a flu shot?
You know I was going to go and then they didn't have the clinics anymore.
For a while.
Yeah.
It's getting harder.
It doesn't actually sound like you have the flu, but you know getting a regular flu shot using that hand sanitizer might keep you from getting an X-ball.
Okay.
All right.
So yeah, if you have any questions, feel free to give us a call and you can just pay for that up at the cashier there.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.