 Music Hi, welcome to the Farmer Studio. What can I do for you today? Oh, I'm looking to do this on my location. Okay, my name is Julie. I am the pharmacist. And what was your name? Carmen Rodriguez. Carmen Rodriguez. Okay. And was this prescription for you? Yes, it is. Okay, so I think that this is not the modification. So I'd like to take some time to go over the medication with you. I'm just to make sure that you're not going to take it, what to expect. Just to make sure that you get the most benefit out of that. Is that okay? Oh, that's fine. Okay. And look like I have your patient profile here with me. And it's your address still to your 9-stroke-dry basis. Okay. And your phone number is still 559-593176-4. Yes. Okay. And do you have any current allergies? No, they don't. No. Okay. And are you currently on any other medications except for the Luscious Nr.20 milligrams? Who's your name? No. Okay. So nothing over the counter or Ebola and anything like that. Okay. Okay, great. And are you currently pregnant or decline? I'll be talking pregnant. No. Okay. Great. Okay. So your doctor prescribed for you today the Toferal XL. And do you know what this medication is for? Hi blood pressure. Hi blood pressure. That's correct. And it looks like you're running on the synophilic for your high blood pressure. But of course it does not control all the way. Okay. Perfect. And then how are you doing? Oh, social. Social, so it's wrong. I think it's tired. It looks a lot. You get tired. Okay. Well hopefully this will, you know, figure you right out and it'll feel pretty good. I went to the walk out here. But did your doctor tell you how to take the medication? We know it is. Okay. So it's pretty easy to take. You're just going to take one tablet by mouth once a day. Okay. And you can take it immediately after meals or with food because this medication does work best with that. And it might cause some upset stomach. So you might want to take it with a glass of water or something like that. Oh. Okay. And with something like high blood pressure, you want to make sure that you're on a healthy diet and your ex-recenten regularly. Do you do that? No. Okay. So do you want me to go over how to do that with you? Or, okay. Okay. So you want to just eat a diet that's high, that's low in fat. And you want to exercise even exercise in a couple minutes a day walking. Walking your dog is having an animal. Something like that might help with your high blood pressure. Okay. Okay. And I told you how to take it and you don't want to freshen to the tablet because it's supposed to work over extended period of time. So just swallow the water. Okay. Okay. And did your doctor tell you what to expect when taking this medication? This blood pressure would go down? Yes. So this blood pressure, this medication will make your blood pressure go down and then hopefully to the goal that your doctor wants. And blood pressure is really tricky because you don't really know if it's high, like how you would feel and you don't really have symptoms of high blood pressure, right? Okay. So then it's really important that you take it as prescribed by your doctor. And if you miss a dose, try to take it at the same time every day so it helps you remember. But if you do forget, then just take the next one that's regularly scheduled. Okay. Okay. And in terms of side effects, you might feel a little bit of the dizziness or a little bit of tiredness. But that's normal. You might feel a little bit of fatigue right now. But because you feel dizzy, make sure you don't dry when you're under the influence of this medication or that you stand up very slowly so you don't fall because I don't want anything to happen to you. Okay. Okay. And it looks like you have one refill left on the medication. Just call me when you have a couple tablets left and I can have that refill for you as possible. Okay. And then you're just going to put this bottle to get home, put it in a dry, cool area at room temperature, away from heat or light. And it should be okay. It's in a childhood cap so no one can get in except for yourself. Okay. And just to make sure that I went over everything with you and you know exactly what to expect. What's taking this medication? What is your toprol medication for? My blood pressure. Right. Your high blood pressure. And how are you going to take this medication? One pill a day with water and you can take it with food. Okay, great. And what can you expect when taking this medication? You can go down, do I feel business? Okay. Are you worried about that because you already feel a little bit of tired fatigue? No, I don't think so. Okay. Well, if you have any questions or if you think this makes you too tired or too busy then you can always go ahead and call me. And I can talk to your doctor and try to arrange a better therapy for you. Okay. Oh. Okay, do you have any questions at all for me? No, I'm going to go ahead and take the blood with me. I think all my pills are ready. What do you mean? I finished the bottle. Yeah, I finished the bottle. It's 30 in here. Okay, you just finish all the bottles and then the next one there's a refill and I'll have it for you. Okay. Okay, in that all. Okay, very nice to meet you. Okay, here's your medicine. I hope you felt better. Thank you.