 Thank you for taking the time to watch these videos. SolarX Pharmacy Review Program has created these videos to help candidates prepare for the qualifying exam part 2. You are now going to watch a scenario followed by a quick review with the pharmacist. Hi, my name is Julia. I'm the pharmacist on duty. How can I help you? I wanted to know if Advil was the best thing for my son's fever. Of course, and I'll help you answer that question. Just before I do, I'd like to ask you a few more questions about your son's medical history just to make sure I can make the best recommendation. Not a problem. Okay. Just so you know, this is a private counseling area, so everything we discuss will be private and confidential. That's greatly appreciated. And so what did you say your son's name was? John. John. And how old is John? He's 5 years old. So can you tell me a little bit more about the fever? When John woke up this morning, he was really warm. I tested his temperature with a thermometer, an oral one. It read 39 degrees. That is quite warm. Has he had any other symptoms that can explain his fever? He's tagged on his ear a lot within the last day. Okay. So you think it might be a little bit of ear pain? I suspect he's got a sore ear. Okay. Any other symptoms, any cough, any runny nose, anything like that? No, there haven't been anything else. Has John been traveling anywhere recently? No, we haven't gone on any travels. Okay. And does he have any other symptoms? Has he been coughing or weezing with this fever? No cough or weezing. Has he had any dental procedures in the last little while? No, it's been a while since his last been to the dentist. And have you taken him to the doctor yet? Not yet, no. Not yet. Okay. So I'll make a recommendation very shortly, but before I do it like to ask you a bit about his history, does he take any other medications? He's on two puffers. Two puffers, do you know which one? The orange one and the blue one. Okay. So that's most likely the flow vent in the ventolin. Does he have asthma or is it for a different indication? He is mild asthma. He is mild asthma. And is that asthma well controlled? It seems so. Okay. That's great to know. Does he take any other medications, anything without a prescription or any herbal product? Oh no. No. And does John have any allergies? He's allergic to sulphur. To sulphur. So can you tell me what happened the last time he took some sulphur drugs? He developed hyves all over his body and he experienced difficulty breathing. Okay. So it sounds like a pretty severe reaction to the sulphur. So I'll make sure we have that in our system recorded to check for future medications that he gets a prescription for. Okay. So you said the asthma was well controlled otherwise. That's great. Okay. And just a few questions about symptoms lifestyle can also affect medical conditions. Is he a very active boy? Does he play around a lot? He's active. He's active and is he in school? Yes, he goes to school. School? Okay. Sounds good. If you don't mind, I'm just going to check my reference for a minute and I'll get back to you very shortly. Okay. Thank you for waiting. So just in this case because John's had a fever and he's tugging on his ear, I think it'd be a really good decision to take him to see his doctor because I suspect there may be infection for which he may require antibiotics. Okay. In the meantime, I definitely can recommend something for the fever. However, given that John has asthma, sometimes medications like advalor are not the best choice because they can make his asthma a little bit more sensitive so he may have a bit more difficulty breathing. So it doesn't happen in every child but I think it might be safer to try a different product. So I can recommend taking something like Tylenol and the chemical ingredient that is acetaminophen. But Tylenol contains a medical ingredient called acetaminophen and within this suspension here it has 160 milligrams for each 5ml. And based on different weights, we give different volumes to each child. Do you know how much John weighs? 20 kilograms. Okay. So based on his weight, we would actually recommend giving 7.5ml every 4 to 6 hours as needed. Does that sound okay? That sounds good. And with Tylenol, it's usually very well tolerated. We generally don't see any side effects. Very rarely it can cause an upset stomach in which case you can give some food beforehand and then give the Tylenol afterwards. Okay. Does it need to be shaking or stored in the fridge? So usually because it's a suspension, we have to shake it really well and then you measure the 7.5ml and it's stored at room temperature. So in terms of the flavors, I mentioned there's cherry and grape. Would he prefer cherry? Cherry, I think. Cherry, that sounds good. And then also in terms of the management of the fever, some kids do better when you give them a tepid cloth to put it on their forehead and drinking lots of fluids can also be another thing you can do to help with the fever management. In the meantime, until you go to the doctor. Thank you. And if you don't mind, I'd like to call you maybe tomorrow just to see if the doctor has made any recommendations or if you come by earlier with a prescription for an antibiotic, we can discuss that at that time as well. Okay, that'd be great. Thank you for your help.