 Hello, my name is Essie and I'm from this is Dene today.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing pretty good, thank you.
So it looks like we have a new medication for you that the doctor prescribed and this is listening to all of that, correct?
I'm not sure the name but it not for blood pressure.
I sure am.
Yeah, very good.
So because this is a new medication, I want to go a bit reflow with you to answer any questions that you might have and to make sure that you're taking this medication Okay, do you have a couple minutes to spare for me?
Definitely, okay perfect.
So before I go into the medication, I just want to go over some of your information so that we make sure that we have the most accurate information on the file.
Are you still living on 3601 Pacific Avenue?
Yes, I think I'll read it.
Okay, and is your date of birth January 1st, 1986?
Yes, awesome.
So it looks like we actually don't have a phone number here for you.
So let me take that down so we can input in to your session.
Sure, 2009, 9462528.
Awesome.
So do you see here that you are taking a pen, or you are taking penicillin and you have an allergic reaction?
What kind of reaction was that?
You know what I don't know, it happened when I was a child.
Oh, okay.
And my mom just always said, keep it on there as an allergic treat.
Oh, okay.
Well, there's no problem with this new medication that you're getting in terms of reacting with penicillin because there are two different types of medications.
Oh, okay.
So we just, I just want to go over other medications that you're taking that may be prescribed by the doctor.
Are there any medications?
I have an inhaler that I use.
Okay.
And then I have a medication that is used for, I think, to bring my cholesterol down.
Okay, I see.
If you have any other questions about those medications, after you read this consultation, I can definitely talk to you about the medication as well.
Are you taking any overly-calming medications?
I'm tying it all into the wild from a headache.
I mean, that's all.
I'll put that in your system.
Okay, so for this medication, like you mentioned before, it is for blood pressure.
Did the doctor tell you any other things that I could potentially be used for?
No, just when it was in blood pressure.
Perfect.
So what did the doctor tell you that this medication was used for?
Just for my blood pressure.
Okay.
How did the doctor tell you to take this medication?
He actually didn't.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
No problem.
I can go over it with you.
So this is called the sinoprofer blood pressure.
Like I mentioned before, it's 5mg, which is 1 tablet.
I will be taking every day by now.
It will be a big glass of water.
Now it doesn't really matter if you take it with any food or not.
You can take it with or without food.
And just make sure that you're taking it consistently throughout each day.
Because this medication, you will be taking it every single day so that we can help you read a healthier life.
And for this medication, if you can also set a timer on your phone to remind you to take this medication, if you do forget the dose, that's okay.
Just take it over the next time that it's...
Can I take it with the other pills that are going...
The one that you're taking for your cholesterol for the inhaler?
Yes, you can.
Okay.
And are you by any chance pregnant?
No.
Okay.
No.
Everybody can definitely stop this medication and contact your doctor regularly.
In terms of storing this medication, just make sure that it's in a cool and dry place, at room temperature, and also for this medication, it's important to also have a good diet and have a lot of exercise.
What do you currently do?
Just walking in stairs at work that's really about it.
Okay, that's a great start.
If you want to incorporate walking around the school, the campus, during a lunch break or anything, then that would also be great.
So, if you want to go for a spa or something that's less in sugar and less in bad fats, so you can stay up in lots of veggies would be great.
Or this medication.
And what did your doctor tell you to expect for this medication?
I'll hopefully to lower my blood pressure.
So, yes, this will definitely do that for you.
In addition, this will help...
Since you will be taking it very often every single day, or potentially the rest of your life, this medication will definitely help you feel better.
You won't see the signs in symptoms like, oh, I feel like this.
So, then my blood pressure is bad.
But if you take it consistently, your blood pressure will be able to adjust.
You might also experience a cough where skin rashes were swelling.
That happens, definitely contact your doctor.
And it looks like you have three refills.
So, I'll give you a column approximately one, and then refill those medications for you.
So, just to make sure that you understand everything about this medication, maybe when we pee back, do you need a how to take it?
It's one milligram and I take it five times a day.
It's five milligrams actually, and you're too far from one today.
Sorry, no problem.
I already got that.
It's on the bottle, right?
Yes, it's.
Okay, so, one time a day, five milligrams, then I can take it with my other pills.
Yes.
And you don't need to take it with this medication, and it's important that you take it consistently at the same time.
And for this medication, do you have any new questions?