 Hi, my name is Mark and I'm the intern pharmacist today.
Are you miss Jordan Davis?
I am.
Great.
We have a prescription here today for pro-era.
It's an inhaler.
Is this for you or for someone else?
It's for myself.
Okay, great.
Do you have a couple of minutes just so we can go over some key points about the medication?
I just want to make sure you know everything you need to so you can get the most benefit from it.
I actually have to go pick up my kids, but if you just give me the pamphlet, you know, I can just read it the most I can at home.
Oh, it only takes one or two minutes.
It will be really fast.
For patients who haven't used an inhaler, it can be difficult to get used to using it properly, but if you do use it properly, you'll get the most relief from it.
Does that okay if we talk about it for a few minutes?
Sure.
Great.
So to start off, see on your patient profile, your allergic to penicillin.
I am.
What kind of reaction do you get when you take penicillin?
I usually just break out and hide, stir up my body.
Oh, okay.
I see.
And are you currently taking any other or where the counter medication?
Over the counter.
Yeah, I usually clarify for seasonal allergies.
Okay.
Great.
It's always important to let your pharmacist or doctor know what else you may be taking at home, just because sometimes they can affect their other medications.
But today we're looking good so far.
So to begin, what did your doctor tell you this medication is for?
He didn't go over any information.
Oh, okay.
That's fine.
So this is all butyl.
It's an inhaler used for shortness of prep.
And something special about this inhaler is that it's used for rescue use.
So whenever you're feeling difficulty breathing, this inhaler is going to help solve that problem.
How did your doctor tell you to take this medication?
He also didn't go over that with him.
Okay.
That's fine.
So to begin, you want to make sure you take off the mouthpiece and shake it well.
And if it's your first time using it, you're going to want to prime it by spraying it a few times in the air.
Okay.
And then seal your lips around this mouthpiece.
And as you press down, you want to take a deep inhale, very slowly through your mouth and count to ten.
Counting to ten will make sure that the medication can get all the way to your lungs and provide you the most relief possible.
Okay.
Afterwards, you want to remove it from your mouth and take a deep exhale away from the mouthpiece through per slips.
So very slow through per slips.
Okay.
And then this medication, as it's written here, is meant to be taken once or two puffs by mouth as needed for shortness of breath.
So after you take your first dose, you notice you're still feeling shortness of breath.
It's important that you wait one minute before deciding if you need to take the next dose.
Oh, okay.
And how did your doctor...
What else did your doctor tell you to expect from this medication?
No information at all.
Okay.
So the main thing is that it's going to relieve your shortness of breath.
But there are some other side effects that I want you to be aware of.
Some minor things is that it can cause some headache, jitteryness, and nervousness.
But these are all just normal effects to how your body would respond to the medication.
Something serious I want you to look up for is something called the Broncos phasm.
And what that will look like is continued shortness of breath after taking both doses of the inhaler.
So if you notice you've taken the dose, you've waited a minute, taken another one, and you're still having trouble breathing.
It's important you call your doctor right away and stop taking the medication.
Oh, okay.
And just some other things I want you to be aware of is that it's important to store this medication in a cool, dry place.
So because it's needed, it's written for as needed use.
It's important that you keep it on you at all times.
I often recommend patients to carry it in their purse, which is a nice, safe environment for it, to reach in if you ever feel that shorty-suffer.
Oh, okay.
But it's important that you don't leave it in your car as the heat and the sunlight can change the way the medicine works and make it less effective for you.
Oh, okay.
And just some other things in terms of cleaning, you want to clean it one-sweetly with a dry cloth and warm water.
You can do that just by removing this inside part and rinsing it through with warm water and letting it dry.
Oh, okay.
And in terms of refills, it says here you have two refills remaining.
So we can go ahead and get that going for you when you're feeling well on this medication.
Okay.
The last thing I want you to keep aware of is making sure you keep track with how often you take the medication.
Because if you're taking it more than once or two times a day, that can signify that you may need a stronger medication.
Oh, okay.
So I should just take it when I feel short and it's a preventive knot like every day.
Mm-hmm.
That's right.
Okay.
And just to make sure I don't leave anything out, would you mind repeating that to me how you plan to take this medication?
Yes, okay.
So I'm going to take it and if it's my first time using it, I'm going to shake it well.
Mm-hmm.
And then do the two puffs.
And right now hold it for 10 seconds.
It's actually one puff.
Oh, one puff first and then after going through the routine, if you notice you still have shortness of breath, wait one minute before taking and deciding if you need that second dose.
Got it.
Okay.
And then.
Could you also explain to me how you plan to store the medication?
Just store it in a cool and dry place.
Mm-hmm.
And recommend taking it in your bag because it is used as needed for shortness of breath.
So you want to have, make sure it's in a convenient place.
Okay.
And lastly, what other questions can I answer for you?
Any time soon.
5,000.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
No problem.